Not surreal. Just lack of options. Haha. We all have our own reasons but for me at least experiences in the past and what I know about those around me even today tell me if I have the choice between being happy and being sad I'll choose happy every time. It may not seem like it but things could still be worse and following that logic I always look for the silver lining, and there always tends to be one even if it's not always something tangible. I can only move forward at this point in life one day at a time so I'm gonna do that. Regarding prognosis: on paper it's what you might think. The cancer has spread to my lungs/spine/stomach/parts of my upper G.I. in various capacities and so docs have to be honest that things can go south very fast. But my cancer has been far from normal. Though very aggressive it never presented with any tumor that we could find and we did just a massive amount of scans. So it integrated into my system and spread very fast causing me to slowly crash over a few months (it filled my bone marrow with dead cancer cells which in turn stopped my bones from being able to produce platelets and other blood essentials, among other things) and then nearly die over the course of a few weeks though I never realized how close it was till I got to the hospital. Come to find out, any moderate accident that caused me to bleed would have killed me, but that's another thing. It stopped my body from being able to manage it's own needs for a while. But the hope now is that aggressive chemo might be able to make it back off a lot faster than other cancers might since theres no tumor/mass (that we've been able to find) that they have to worry about. So that's what we've done. If/when my numbers improve we can potentially start looking at clinical trials and the like or immunotherapy and reorganize. For a long time I've been very aware of my health, nutrition and exercise routines so ultimately it likely saved my life. I had a strong body that was able to push back for a while until we were finally able to identify the problem. Never too many questions so long as they're honest. Some people have sent me pm's asking for very intimate details and I've ignored them since there not asking to be be informed, only to satisfy their morbid curiosity.