Excellent inquiry - I do not take it personally at all. Before last night’s two-hour marathon with Pubmed articles spurred on by the original thread above, I knew nothing of ivermectin other than what I’d been told (it’s a right-wing joke being played on unintelligent people who fear science and prefer to believe in miracle cure instead of vaccination). It is easy to dismiss people out of hand. I have heard colleagues privately bandy about terms such as “brainwashed” and “moron” and “stupid” far too often these days referring to their own patients.

It is important to meet patients where they are. Ivermectin’s effectiveness for COVID-19 treatment is a “sincerely held belief” by many in this country, regardless the origin of that belief or what people have to back it up. Before I read the research with my own two eyes, I was parroting the statements of others for whom I have great respect and hold in high regard. How does that differ from others parroting their favorite podcaster or talking head from a 24-hour cable news channel aside from the degrees and titles held by the speakers? I respect the statements of physicians, PhDs, and others based on the belief that the time they have invested in their professional development, the specialization they have chosen, and the accolades they have earned give them the privilege of my trust. Others with less education and less understanding may not hold those credentials or experiences in such high regard, and may instead believe the words of a famous athlete, talking head, or politician in higher regard. Writing them off does nobody any good. I’ve heard so many say “those people are getting what they deserve.” But how does this help anyone? Isn’t that why we chose to do what we do? Isn’t that the standard answer at the med school interview: “why do you want to become a doctor?” Answer: “to help people.” There is no asterisk after that. It isn’t to help people… with college degrees. It isn’t to help people… who vote or worship the way I do. It isn’t to help people… who are educated enough to understand scientific research with the comprehension of a medical scientist. It isn’t to help people… who will listen to the same public figures I do and believe the same things they tell us.

It is to help people. Period. Full stop. Yes, even the challenging, the poorly educated, the misinformed, the angry, the frustrated, the belligerent, the believers in angels and miracles, the atheists, the hateful political zealots, the disabled, the veterans, the refugees, the homeless, the unwashed and unbathed, the noncompliant, the transgender, the LGBTQ, the differently-pronouned, the elderly, the children, the pregnant, the addicted, the obese, the psychiatrically ill, the know-it-all, and the scared. To help people.

Instead of laughing from an ivory tower built on what the FDA and CDC scientists are saying, I figured someone once told me I was smart enough to get into medical school, and surprisingly enough, I somehow fooled those people in admissions into letting me in… and then my dumb brain fooled them into letting me pass the STEP exams, graduate, finish residency, fellowship, and complete two board certifications. It’s been a heck of a con. I am not a smart person. But I am here to help people. It’s what I want to do. So I guess they let me eke by.

I was hopeful, despite not being very smart, that maybe I could understand why some people believe in this thing (ivermectin) and other people say it’s a crazy idea. We must learn and educate ourselves from both perspectives in order to be able to meet the needs of the patients who seek our care. I do not believe that name-calling, belittling, or badgering people who believe differently than I do will accomplish anything. It was done to me as a resident and fellow both by my superiors and my patients almost daily, and it sure didn’t seem to help me very much. We must instead use the Socratic method to get to the bottom of things and find the source of each of our beliefs, and reconcile the points where they differ. Only then can we hope to educate others on why a specific treatment is not appropriate or backed by science. We must also be humble enough to change our own beliefs when new evidence becomes available. That is what makes us physicians and scientists, not political zealots and believers in a “flat earth” world.

Some of the first mentions I can find of ivermectin use for COVID-19 treatment are from December 2020:
https://www.fox10phoenix.com/news/doctor-pleads-for-review-of-data-on-ivermectin-as-covid-19-treatment-during-senate-hearing.amp

Within days after that article was published, proven prevention for COVID-19 was available in the form of vaccination for healthcare workers. Within two months, vaccines were available to the elderly. Within four months, vaccination was available to all, and easy to obtain. So in answer to your question, while I can understand the “throw everything you’ve got at it” approach early in the pandemic, when it was impossible to have studied *any* treatments for COVID-19 because it was a new entity, by the time people started proclaiming the virtues of ivermectin, both preventative and therapeutic options that *had* been vetted through human randomized controlled trials were available.

Remember that there was a time early in the pandemic when a bench study of hydroxychloroquine’s molecular activity showed promise at preventing COVID-19. 22 states and Washington DC began to stockpile the drug in March and April of 2020:
https://amp.usatoday.com/amp/3031660001

People with lupus and other chronic conditions that required hydroxychloroquine could not obtain it because everyone wanted it, based on one irrelevant molecular study, causing real harm to many people. Then, by 2021, some states were asking drug manufacturers to take back the hydroxychloroquine and give them a refund after it was shown that it simply does not work (in well-designed human trials):

https://www.readfrontier.org/stories/oklahoma-trying-to-return-its-2m-stockpile-of-hydroxychloroquine/

So my question is why, in 2022, when we now have a medicine cabinet filled with well-studied preventative vaccines and mitigating therapeutics, would we be reverting to the “throw everything and anything at it and see what works” approach, without first conducting thorough and well-designed studies on the new candidate drugs? I will agree that it warrants further study. Rigorous large, well-designed, and reproducible studies are needed for ivermectin, just as they were required for the vaccines and other therapeutics before approval. But we didn’t start vaccinating people in May or June of 2020 with the first candidate drugs from Pfizer and Moderna just because the scientists thought they *might* work.  Heck, if you have kids under 5 years old in this country, you STILL feel totally vulnerable these days because the vaccine isn’t approved for your children, more than 13 months after it was first approved for adults. We wait because the treatment cannot be given if it will cause more harm than the disease. *Primum non nocere.*

Even the original authors of the April 2021 article on ivermectin’s antiviral properties in tissue cultures admit that it is not appropriate to use it for treatment in humans based on their research in their own letter to the editor:

“Pharmaceutical research efforts are currently underway to refine liquid formulations for intravenous administration of long-acting ivermectin, develop aerosol administration, and consider using ivermectin in combination with other agents to enhance efficacy at low doses. However, it is important to urge great caution in approaching the use of ivermectin in this simplistic way, precisely because ivermectin is a HDA. Because it targets a host component, it cannot be assumed that even doses lower than those discussed by Yeo et al. (2020) and Noël and Lima (2020) are safe in the context of a burgeoning viral infection, where a measured immune response is key to recovery. Clinical testing of ivermectin at any dose in the fight against viral infection must include intensive monitoring of patient well-being, to pre-empt any immunosuppressive or other adverse reactions as early as possible.

Finally, it is critically important to remember that ivermectin as an antiviral is in a very early phase – under no circumstances should self-medication be considered without the guidance of a qualified physician, and especially not using therapeutics designed for veterinary purposes!”

Aside from the response being a bit emotional and somewhat unprofessionally invested & lacking objectivity, even they admit that this must be studied first. It isn’t ready for prime time yet. Other medications *are.* So why use something that hasn’t been studied yet, where the bench research indicated concentrations 9 to 20+ times higher than those achievable with current maximum approved dosing of ivermectin (used & approved for strongyloides infection) were necessary to have a therapeutic effect? As physicians, we have a duty to follow the research and “do no harm.” 

We aren’t living in April 2020 anymore, using a gym sock and two rubber bands as a face mask or trash bags as isolation gowns. Good data and good options are plentiful, with vaccination and prevention via masking and social distancing the bedrocks of effective prevention. It is mind boggling that two years into this, with proven preventative and therapeutic options growing by the week, that any licensed professional trained in the school of science and taught the value of caution, patience, and deference to well-designed clinical trials would be considering off-label use of ivermectin for COVID-19 treatment. But like I said, my mind is boggled easily. I am just a simple country doctor trying to help people.

https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/science/coronavirus-drugs-treatments.html?referringSource=articleShare