So I'll respond/answer each paragraph/question in order:

Regarind THC/CBD. I only really stated those as an example. I'm only interested in something that will take care of my pain without becoming a hindrance itself (hence why I've no interest in smoking or vaping because I feel they both have their own risks. Regarding CBD oil. I'm researching what it can do but for the time being there's just not that much conclusive research that it actually does that much or that its generally better than alternatives already on the market that are properly regulated. I don't care much to start taking snake-oils

There's no plans for surgeries since as of yet, no tumor has been found, and they did many scans. The ulcer they found simply allowed them to classify it but they don't believe it was the primary source. And immunotherapy is something my doctor wants to do, but as of yet there's no plans to start it. It's simply an option we might explore in the future if/when my numbers are higher. Where currently doing genetic testing to see what options we have that might be more efficient. 

For Nausea I've got Zofran which generally works quiet well. The only major issue I have with my nausea is that it can come out of nowhere sometimes making it annoying to manage. I'll be hanging out just fine it suddenly throwing up my lunch. Then 2 seconds later I'm fine, lol. Can be freaking weird. 

I'm not on morphine. I'm currently on 180mg of extended release Oxycontin. Still an opiate. Just clarifying. I take 3 60mg doses. My short/long term goal is to reduce the amount I take based on my overall pain. Ya, constipation is the most annoying thing I deal with on a day to day basis. and I actually currently utilize docusate sodium along with 3 others to help with the process. unfortunately my gut is being stubborn and I'm required to take extra steps every 4th day to make sure I'm not getting too backed up. Its functional, just not ideal by any means. 

I'm as active as I can be. My body only allows so much right now, but I do what I can for my health and to get out of the house. It depressing since I used to literally run up hills, now a flight of stairs can wipe me out, but it is what it is. 

I appreciate all the info.