I'm a latecomer to medicine. I'm just a CNA right now in MA school with big dreams about becoming a PA. When I started down this path, I didn't understand the differences in the roles of nurses, doctors, and PAs. (My original plan was PharmD, which is why I have all the prereqs for PA school already completed. And I have a BA already.)

I've been a CNA for 3.5 years now, and while I find some aspects of it to be emotionally rewarding, I have to come to the realization that I am not a nurse and nursing does not interest me. I am good at my job. Damn good. I've learned a lot about myself, healthcare in general, and I've truly grown as a person. 

But I am not a nurse. 

Part of that realization stems from exactly what you just described. The rampant mysticism and superstition and blatant disregard for medical science is both shocking to me and frustrating. I don't know if I can blame the lack of scientific foundation in their education, or if nursing just attracts that kind of person. And let's be honest: millions of nurses have only two years of schooling. It's not a difficult profession to enter, not compared to other healthcare professions.

I am not bashing nurses. The extreme majority of nurses are good people doing the best they can, and doing a good job. I just need them to STFU about how people die in threes. And I wish I could say this kind of thing *isn't* rampant, but it feels like it is. I've met exactly ONE nurse who didn't believe in the "people die in threes" BS, but that nurse still believed in astrology!! Multiple nurses "didn't believe in vaccines", and many, many more disbelieved the theory of evolution. One DON (!!!) thought blood transfusions were dirty and that periods were a curse put on us by God. She also did not believe in evolution, did believe in astrology, and also that people die in threes. She also used to walk around saying she had IQ of 165, which would have made her smarter than 99.9981% of all people on the planet. (Yeah, I just googled that. She sooooo does not have an IQ of 165.)
	
So the thing I learned is that I just don't fit in with other nurses, and that's ok. Maybe I've just been unlucky. Maybe I'm interacting with the lowest-tier of nursing (plausible given my own role). But when a DON says evolution isn't real, I die a little inside.