Alternative Treatments/Clinical Trials for IIH Hello, I am a 21F (4'11", 220lbs, white) and I have been diagnosed with Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension since July of 2022 with a diagnostic opening pressure of 56mmHg. I also have a history of SVT, Gastroparesis, Binge Eating Disorder (restrict and binge cycle), and Schizoaffective Disorder. Daily, I take Acetazolamide between 375mg and 500mg, Quetiapine 12.5mg, Gabapentin 200mg, Melatonin 10mg, and a Multivitamin. I have a Mirena IUD. As needed, I take Ondansetron 4mg, Imitrex SQ, and Albuterol inhaler. 

I have tried nearly every long term option to treat my IIH and I am looking for any clinical trials in the Midwest United States or any alternative treatments. I would love to be able to bring one up to my neurologist but I am not able to see him until March. Below I have listed every treatment I have tried and why it has failed.

1. Acetazolamide- I am unable to tolerate a dose higher than what I am on now. If I am having a particularly high pressure day, I will take another 125mg in addition to my 375mg. Any more than this, I have tinnitus to the point that I can't hear anything else and I can't feel my hands or feet (which is a problem as a healthcare worker and needing to drive). 
2. Topiramate- allergic reaction (fever, rash, edema)
3. Stent- while my MRI showed bilateral transverse sinus stenosis, my angiogram in April of this year did not show stenosis.
4. VP/LP shunt- neither of the surgeons I saw recommended an LP shunt due to age and activity level and my ventricles are very narrowed, between 1.7 and 2mm in diameter, so a VP shunt would most likely fail.
5. Weight loss- this is currently my only option and while I have made some progress (down 15lbs), I have a lot working against me. My insurance will not cover anything weight related (dietician/nutritionist, weight loss medications, bariatric surgery, etc.). My SVT is exercise induced and I have a few episodes per week (210-230bpm for 3-10 minutes) and after these, I feel so exhausted for the rest of the day and can hardly get out of bed. I have been able to control my binging episodes for the most part and this is how I have been losing weight. I also have serial lumbar punctures, about once every 3 weeks at worst and every 3 months at best, which makes weight loss even harder because I can't keep a consistent routine.

Please ask any clarifying questions if need be but I am really looking for alternative treatment options or trials at this point. I am not looking for any weight loss advice because the short paragraph that I wrote above does not even begin to touch on what I have tried, what has worked in the past, allergies/sensitivities, accessibility, etc. Thanks for reading!