Medical advice for rare situation 46 female 5'0 155lbs 

Currently taking 
B12 shots once a week
Infusions for vitamins and hydration 4xs a week 
Clinical trial treatment and shots 
No other meds at this time by choice 


I've posted this 5 times and it keeps getting removed ive listed everything in the post that is asked

I need some medical advice on what way I should go with my cancer treatments. I currently have stage 3B follicular non Hodgkins lymphoma. It was stage 4 when it came back from remission but now it is down to stage 3b.  I am on a clinical trial through Sloan Kettering Hospital in NYC. I am in the NYC area also. I am currently out in disability and it has not been easy on my finances with this clinical trial for a 2nd time. The medical advice I'm asking for is plain & simple but not clear cut to me. I need medical advice for  help to make a decision with staying on the clinical trial or just ending treatment& going on hospice. The reason I'm coming to reddit is because I'm at my whits end & nobody in my family or friends wants me to stop treatment cause they don't want me to die obviously but they won't listen past me saying I thunk inwant to stop treatment. They flip out & say i need to be strong& fight to live bullshit along with every other bullshit thing people say to cancer patients to make them feel adequate or that they have the good fight in them once again. I think it's come to the end of the road for me though, cause of the situation I've gotten myself into with the fentanyl. I'll explain the fentanyl situation later on. Right now, currently 
I have tumors in my neck and brain stem and pther parts of my brain that are small now. All the lymph nodes on the left side neck, shoulder and underarms are full of cancer. Plus it has gone to my ribs & fractured plus broken 4 or more of them on the left side. The ribs being painful is an understatement with these ribs & its also in the lymphnodes in my left kidney & left side of my SI joint & now it's also on multiple levels of my spine area. My neuro surgeon says i need surgery asap or it will get worse and effect my walking & even standing up eventually,  but all my other Dr's won't approve me to have the surgery at this time due to the cancer being aggressive and reaching the areas it has reached so fast in so little time.  It's also has reached a small spot on my liver very recently & now also my femur bones on both side. I just think my body doesn't have it in me to fight this for a  2nd time around. On top of all that I was taken off of pain meds when I went into remission in april for about 8 weeks and had to start getting pain pills off the street to help me with pain that i was having post cancer. The whole time.i thought it was post cancer pain  it was really just the cancer coming back but  Not one dr would listen to me about my pain or tell me i was addicted to the pain meds from the tome taking them even thou i didnt take them everyday due to not wanting to get addicted to opiate and then they just cutting me off with no help at all on addiction to opiates or explaing what would happen when i ran out of pain medicine in general. They just said to take tylenol or ibprofen and lose more weight if i can. Over a short 8 week the cancer showed up on a CT scan at the er . The Dr's made me think I was in remission for good cause this cancer is rare to come back or become aggressive. So it came back fast and with a vengeance this time. Well, So,im an honest person & felt its best to be honest with all my  health care professionals no matter what it is. Well,  I was honest and told my oncologist that I was getting pain meds off the street and he said he was going to do a drug test to see what pain medicine i was getting from the street
I was told him it was oxycodone 30mg time release but of course inwas wrong.  Well it came back on my drug test as fentanyl. Well, of course as soon as he saw fentanyl come back on my drug test his whole attitude changed and he treated me like a junkie not a cancer patient. He refuses to help me in any way until.l im off of the fentanyl well,I'm currently in the withdrawl process to get off of the fentanyl &it's just making everything even more hard of course.im on day 2 of having no fentanyl and the withdrawls are worse than the damn cancer itself. I tried to get on suboxene it didn't nothing for the pain and I didn't last long in that clinic cause they said I needed to go to pain management for pain meds for the cancer. Like duh I know that but I got addicted to the fentanyl and now im stuck. So they didnt want to deal with this anymore  they made an appointment at the Methadone clinic for me. The methadone  didnt help the cancer pain at all. It just made me nod and still be in pain but i was just sleeping all the time while in constant pain and being sick non.stop with the damn cancer growing rampant in my body. Then,  The dr at the methadone clinic sat me down and said  i need to be on pain meds for the cancer & if im on methadone no dr is even gonna look at me for pain medicine cause if im on methadone. He said I really need to be in pain management or my oncologist needs to write a script for pain meds. I explained the situation he didnt believe me and he called my oncologist who told him the same exact thing I said smh. So the methadone clinic dr said the best option he could suggest is to try and kick the fentanyl cold turkey. Thats what im doing now. Im on day 2 of no fentanyl at all. Everyone I know in the medical field is shocked I'm going thru this and said to get another opinion which i have and they just agree that I can't be given pain meds while being addicted to fentanyl no duh thats insane to even thunknof on a common sense level. Nothing helps with the cancer pain at this point im just suffering from the cancer pain and the pther symptoms from havung cancer loke nauseous, fever nonnstop from the lymph nodes being full.of cancer, and the non stop dizziness and now seizures that have happend a few tomes from it being in my brain stem. Im a walking case of problems from cancer andngetting no help cause of the damn fentanyl being in my system. But not one dr i see will help me get help to get off the fentanyl by putting me in a medical induced coma to get past the physical withdrawal process or even help me get into an ibogaine treatment in canada cause of the cancer stopping any idea of doing the ibogaine treatment in canada. Im sure theybwont even look at my situation cause of the damn cancer. It's a never ending battle between the cancer and the damn fentanyl being in my system for the drug tests now it's on my medical record.  It's a never ending battle trying to get the help I need for both the cancer and the withdrawal process to be easier than cold turkey. But i said fuck it and i am im doing it cold turkey and its hell so far im on only day 2 but im trying to stay strong and get past this withdrawal process and have some meds to help but theybarent really doing shit for me. Yes I know its very stupid of me to even start buying pills from a trusted person I know and stupid to believe him that it was oxycodone cause i should of known it wasnt the same feeling as oxycodone.I agree that I need to be off fentanyl to get treated with pain meds. Well, Honestly, once im off this fentanyl for good after withdrawaling  after going cold turkey.  Should I even get any pain meds prescribed to me for a never ending circle of being addicted to opiates for the rest of my life and made to feel or look like a junkie at every dr visit or hospital stay?  Do all drs look at their patient as junkies if they are in my situation? My situation is rare but it clearly happening and i have no help or resources to help me with this rare ass situation im in now. Shit let's be honest I ask myself if I  am I a junkie now? Ive never been addicted to anything in my life so this is all new to me on this road with fuckin cancer here also.  Some of my medical professional friends and or family of mine keep saying to get a lawyer& Sue the Dr's of mine because I am not being treated fairly due to the fentanyl addiction and having cancer. I keep telling all of them I got addicted to fentanyl then the cancer came back.IMO The Dr's are doing their best that they can woth this rare situation that I created with this fentanyl and it needs to end for once and for all. i definitely am done with the fentanyl but course if im going to be looked as junkie with cancer for the rest of my life while in treatment what do i do to not look like a junkie to all drs for the rest of my life if i beat cancer or not!  Part of me wants to throw in the towel and be done and the other wants to fight until I have no more fight in me. Right now I don't feel I have left fight left and I'm so desperate im.putting my situation on reddit to hopefully get advice. I talked to one of  my visiting nurses about this situation im in and told me if i stop my treatments and go on hospice they will be in charge of pain medicine & will give me any pain medicine with no problem cause i stopped treatment and now choose death. Like WTF im afraid of one thing only and that is death or dying. Why would she even say that to me even if i asled her advice. It is probably cause im addicted to fentanyl and she views me as a jinkie now too. Life ending is scary for me cause of the unknown after death.  I know its part of life but it scares the hell out of me but I'm at a point where I'm ready to accept death if thats the path meant to go down at this time. I feel the clinical trial just wants my case for their advantage in curing cancers cause it worked on me the 1st time around & of course my money to pay for the clinical trial to be given to me. So, me asking them for advice on what to do is pointless and absurd because I'm the star project  patient in the clinical trial that the clinical trial has worked on the 1st time that I beat this cancer. I have asked them and they just say the same think to stay positive and fight this battle again. While Im lost& confused and feeling neglected at the moment by everyone around me whether its medically, professionally and or loved ones so i turned to reddit for some help or guidance from a medical professional viewpoint. Also in America we do not  have euthanasia laws, so i cant end my life on my own terms in America but i also feel that 20% chance is low percent to beat this cancer a 2nd time around with this clinical trial. Last time it was 80% thats a big difference in percentages. In reality It might not even work again for me. Like I said I have asked all the clinical trial Dr's and they say to have faith but in my opinion I'm a guinea pig for their clinical trial and my money is helping them fund their clinical trial to fet approved by the FDA. My oncologist told me it's my decision and if I stop treatment he will have to refer me to 100% hospice care. My primary didnt even really answer when I asked him his advice. He said it's out of his professional scope of medicine and to ask my oncologist smh. All the other Dr's I see tell me to do my own research and ask lots of question to help me make my mind up on my course of action. That is just a nice way of saying we don't want to be bothered with your decision that you have to make. Maybe coming to reddit isn't smart or logical but im currently held with my back against the wall in a situation I can't deal with from any area especially while i am on wothdrawl from that damn fentanyl. I'm just looking for a medical professional advice from how I'm being treated by all my Dr's? Am I wrong for thinking I'm being treated like a Junkie with cancer? Is it possible to go thru withdrawal get on pain medicine again and to be able to get off it again if I beat caner for a 2nd time? Is 20% a low percentage to beat this cancer again? If it is low that would you tell you patient in my situation? Or what would you tell a loved one? Will I always be labeled as a junkie because of the fentanyl being on my chart? What would you do in my situation atop treatment all together or continue to have fight and fight this battle with that alim 20% chance of it actually putting the cancer in remission a 2nd time? I understand completely if you don't want to offer advice on this rare situation but what does it hurt to try and get advise from medical professionals on reddit who have no ties to my medical Dr's or medical journey..please if you have any questions I can answer anything. I have access to all.my medical charts with all the areas I'm currently being treated for. I do go for a PET scan next week cause of a suspicious area seen on 2 other places. Thats why I feel that clinical trial has stopped working everytime I go to get tealsting done more spots of cancer show up in different places all over my body. Once they told me the pain in my side was fractured and broken ribs from the cancer is when I started to give up on everything. Plus my mental health is stranded on a highway somewhere waiting for a ride back to me. Thank you for reading this long ass post. I tried to fit everything in as best as I can. 