Is it possible I have 2 different terminal illnesses?  

62 yo white male. Hx of bladder cancer 20 years ago. No meds, no injuries. no other illness or chronic conditions. A little heavy 250 5'11" USA Caucasion

I've handled this pretty well until this yesterday. The seriousness just hit me and I am really getting anxious.

About mid June I realized my right hand felt weak. No pain, paresthesia, sensory deficits. Just weak. I realized it had been weak for a few months. Grip strength, wrist flexion and extension, pinch grip, and shoulder abduction. All weak. Difficult squeezing the bulb on a blood pressure cuff and turning the screw. Difficult squeezing toothpaste tube. It came to mind that I had a problem when I noticed myself changing my toothpaste squeeze grip.

I saw my PCP and then a neurologist who did EMG's and MRI of head and c spine. Not much on the MRI besides age related changes and a disc bulge. Again, no pain or paresthesia at all. EMG's showed significant difference right to left UE and LE bilateral decrease. I do not have the EMG report

The neuro ordered exhaustive blood work and 24 hour urinalysis. All reasonable results except the free Kappa lt chains are 32.5 mg/L with normals listed as 3.3-19.4. Free Lambda Lt Chains are 15.3 mg/L with norms being 5.7-26.3. Kappa/Lambda Ratio,S \[H\] 2.12 with normal being 0.26-1.65

Clinical exam did confirm weakness in the right hand compared to the left with the left weak also. Right shoulder abductors were week. On my follow up visit yesterday, dorsiflexors and hip flexors were also "none too impressive."

I have done weekly dynamometer grip strength trials with 20 repetitions on each hand in two different settings. After 6 weeks I am about 6%-10% weaker bilaterally, R>L.

I've been stumbling and bilateral calf and hamstring cramps wake me up several times a night. No falls. Stumbling and cramps progressively worse over the past 5-6 months

Let's not beat around the bush: Is it possible I have both ALS (history and neuro exam) and Multiple Myeloma(Kappa/Lambda ratio)? I have been referred to an oncology/hematology clinic as well as an ALS neuro clinic. Those appointments are at least 3 weeks away. Why, how could I get hit by two massive blows at once?

I am not an anxious person but I really could use some discussion on this. TIA