Covid antibody development in an immunosuppressed person Hi there,

I'm a 42-year-old white female, 5'0", 115 pounds, history of ulcerative colitis for which I'm on remicade and now in remission. I'm also the mother of a 5-year-old with asthma. 

I'm vaccinated for covid (3 moderna doses + booster), and got my updated vaccine along with the flu shot about a week and a half ago. 

I've had covid twice. First in December 2022, when my child brought it home from school. One round of paxlovid and I was better in a week after relatively mild, if unpleasant, illness. Then my UC flared up in May and I had to go on a prednisone taper. While on the taper, I caught covid again and this time was truly quite sick for two solid weeks. Had to delay my remicade infusion and my flare got worse, had to do two rounds of paxlovid, and have felt short of breath ever since. My UC flare has resolved and I'm back on just my regular maintenance dose of remicade. 

My five year old just tested positive for covid today. He spent most of last night coughing all over my face. Then I spent this morning cleaning up his diarrhea. My questions are:

1. Is it likely I developed any antibodies at all from my last bout of covid, given the high dose of prednisone I was on when I had it? 
2. Since it hasn't been a full two weeks yet, am I likely to have any protection from my latest dose of the vaccine? 
3. Am I doomed, AGAIN?

My rheumatologist runs clinical trials for an additional preventative drug for immunosuppressed folks and given that I live with a tiny germ machine, wanted me to be part of the trials, but. . .I have to somehow go six months without catching covid to even qualify to participate, and it seems impossible with my sweet little bioweapon spewing fluids all over his immuosuppressed mom. Also, last go-round I was SO SICK for SO LONG and my lungs still don't feel right (don't know how to describe it, even though my pulse ox is fine). 

But maybe I'm unlikely to get it again, since I had it so recently? Any advice, even if it's "yep, you're probably doomed again" would be helpful. Thanks in advance! (Also my kid, despite his asthma, seems ok. He's on flovent for daily prevention and when he starts coughing we do albuterol every four hours and he's not feeling GOOD, but has enough energy to want to play at least a little)