Sensory neuropathic cough- I'm getting desperate 53 yo female, 5'8" 190 lbs - exercises 45 minutes a day, 5 days a week. Never smoked. Maybe 15 alcoholic drinks a year

I have been diagnosed with Sensory neuropathic cough.   It started with a cold where I developed a cough about 11 years ago. First, it was a pesky throat tickle followed by the urge to cough. After having had the cough for 5 or 6 months I went to my ENT. I had had surgery about 5 years prior on vocal cord polyps and had grafts on my vocal cords.  With the continuous tickling in my throat, I had the suspicion that perhaps there was a rough edge where the surgery had happened that was causing the vibration that tickled. 

At that point I had another nasolaryngoscopy (I had at least four before surgery had been done 5 years before- where I heard from my ENT that I had one of the most sensitive gag reflexes he had ever seen in 20 years of practice). 

The nasolaryngoscopy did not see anything that could be causing the tickle. Everything looked great. 

 The ENT suggested that I could possibly have reflux because that can cause a chronic cough and put me on a 6-month course of maximum gerd medications (I can't remember at the moment what that was because it's been a while).  There was no change in cough. Did at least one acid test - the tube down my nose for 24 hours.  No acid reflux measured. 

I then went to a pulmonology specialist center in town and went through the entire gamut of testing to the evaluate for asthma, COPD, lung function.  Everything is normal. 

I don't take any of the medications that are possible triggers for chronic cough.

Year three I flew to Florida to the center for cough. Ran through all of the same tests. Another nasolaryngoscopy, asthma tests. Lung function. Everything normal. At this point I am diagnosed with sensory neuropathic cough.

So here I am. 11 years later. Still coughing. It's even worse at this point. It wakes me up at night, it's rare that I have a full night of sleep where I don't wake up coughing harshly.  At times I cough so much that it causes me to vomit. 

I have taken gabapentin, amitriptyline, Claritin, Mucinex, nasacort, singular, courses of steroids, baclofen, ryaltris, benedryl, PPIs  Sometimes it seems to help a little but not for long.  I've done stretching, yoga, meditation, I've had intercostal massage (very painful). I've run the gamut of all the lung function, tests, x-rays, scans of my nasal passage, nasolaryngoscopy.

I have participated in three clinical trials for sensory neuropathic cough- two oral medications and one trial of nerve block shots in my neck. I know for sure that I had the actual shot medication - the trial was one that once all the data was gathered, It was unblinded and if I had gotten the placebo, I would be allowed to get four rounds of actual nerve blocks, which is what happened.  No difference.  I was just recruited for a fourth trial but I just don't think I can do this one because it would require one appointment a week for 12 weeks that will require missing work. I just can't miss that much work. 

I really am trying to think of anything I can do, anywhere I can go because this chronic cough is majorly disruptive. It disrupts my sleep. It makes me wary of going places like movies, plays, and even travel.  My gynecologist is saying that she is starting to feel prolapse that she feels is being caused by the chronic cough pushing on my pelvic floor constantly.  That led to a round of pelvic floor PT.  The therapist finally said that after 6 months, the cough was just not going to let my pelvic floor do what it needed to do.

I'm on several message boards of  other cough sufferers. The only medication that any of them have ever taken that I have not is tramadol. I mentioned it to the doctor. I currently see who manages my prescriptions. He said that he can't prescribe it- I don't know if it's a personal preference or if his practice is just not able to prescribe it since it is controlled. He is mainly an allergy doctor but he ran 2 of my clinical trials. 

My husband thinks that I should try to find someone who will give me a short course of tramadol just to give it a try to see that helps at all. But as medical professionals I think you all know what would happen if I started calling around to doctor's offices asking for tramadol.

Is there anything at all you can think of that I could try? Or anywhere I could call or go? Any specialist? I'm just exhausted and desperate and want my life back

https://laryngopedia.com/sensory-neuropathic-cough/#:~:text=A%20key%20characteristic%20of%20SNC,mucus%2C%E2%80%9D%20or%20something%20else