Confused about conflicting results Sorry in advance for such a long post. I appreciate any insight or perspective anyone is able to offer. I posted a month or so ago about my first Fibroscan results - CAP 218 and 9.8kPA. I have since done blood work, met with my GI, and received another Fibroscan for a clinical trial screening. I was hoping someone could shed some light on a few things, so first I will give a broader picture of my overall health.

32M, 5'10", 210lbs (down from 225lbs at first Fibroscan), 30BMI, generally healthy except mild asthma. .

Recent bloodwork: (let me know if you want other markers)

Albumin: 4.9

Globulin: 2.6

Bilirubin, total: 0.9

Alkaline Phosphate: 76

AST: 30

ALT: 42

WBC: 7.4

RBC: 4.64

Platelets: 259

Hemoglobin: 15.8

Ultrasounds since 12/18 have all been interpreted as mild fatty infiltration of the liver, most recent US was 11/12/2020, still mild FL.

Fibroscan 11/12/2020 - CAP 318 and 9.8kPa

Fibroscan 12/8/2020 - CAP 302 and 4.7kPa

Now, as you can see the fibrosis reading is dramatically better on the 2nd Fibroscan, as well as bloodwork being in normal range. I inquired with the sono tech as well as my GI which of the 2 tests seemed like a more accurate reading. They both felt confident that the 2nd test was more accurate for various reasons, which obviously gave me a sigh of relief. However, I still do have too high of a CAP score, and that is something I spoke about extensively with my GI. I will be continuing my intermittent fasting, exercise, no carbs, no sugar, no processed foods, and no alcohol to hopefully get my weight down to a reasonable number and at the same time allow the fatty liver to reverse itself. I was encouraged by this news and was relieved by the peace of mind with a 4.7kPa - until this afternoon when I got a call from a patient liaison from the clinical trial.

He called to inform me that I had qualified for the clinical trials because it was his estimation that the first Fibroscan reading was in fact more accurate. Upon my questioning of this, he responded that doctors do not have a keen eye for Fibroscan readings. I was informed that I indeed have F2 fibrosis and they wanted to schedule an appointment for my consultation with the trial for a drug called Elafibranor. I agreed to at least come speak with the liaison because at this point I have some serious questions and concerns about the disparity in interpretations. And so, here I am writing this post.

In any experience that any of you might have had - what might be going on here? Part of me (the optimistic side) is thinking they are casting a wide net and using the worst case scenario to grab as many patients as possible. My GI, who is associated with the trials, even told me they are starting a new study and need new patients. I am going to call him on Monday and explain to him my conversation with the trial representative, but my gut feeling is that he will tell me to go ahead with the trial. Additionally, I did a quick search on Elafibranor and it appears the previous stages of trials have produced results with not much better outcomes than the placebo. In fact, some articles I read point to the drug being scrapped along with several other drugs that have been tested in the past. So why start more studies on Elafibranor? Another concern I have is getting the placebo and having to take it for a year without any real benefit to my health.

Lastly I suppose, I am now considering getting a referral to a hepatologist at a research hospital. I do like my GI, but at this point I think going to a liver specialist may be the best bet in having my concerns addressed and perhaps getting a more accurate picture of what is actually going on.

Again, apologies for such a long post. However, I very much appreciate any insight, perspective, or shared experience. I do realize this page is for people far more advanced in liver disease than I am, and I do apologize if I am out of place in posting this here. But I figured what better place to start then with the people who have dealt with these things for years. Thanks again, and wishing health and happiness to all.