Autopsy Question: Does presence of opiates in toxicology typically supersede other medical probabilities as cod?  My father (44/m) passed away a long time ago and when originally contacted by the examiner his belief was that it was it was cardiac arrest. 

My father had mental illness (schizophrenia) and was taking a trial antipsychotic drug. The drug also made him gain about 100lbs (he was 265 lbs the time of his passing). 

It wasn’t until recently that I obtained a copy of his death certificate which did not show cardiac arrest but death resulting from acute and chronic opiate abuse. My father had a history of substance abuse (H) when younger but had, as far as I understood, been clean for over 10 years, further supported by his social worker and manager of his adult home residency which required sobriety, and 2x weekly checkins with a case worker.

The Final Diagnoses of the report page listed many factors:

I. Severe mental illness on medications
   A) past suicide attempts 
   B) acute opiate intoxication 
       1) toxicology: opiates 0.5 mg/L****
        2)toxicology: free morphine 0.2 mg/L
       3) pulmonary edema and congestion
   C) clinical trial for anti-psychotic drug (redacting)

II. Chronic alcoholism (he was actually never known to drink and social workers and building managers attested to this. Only alcohol found in residence was a single bottle which investigators described as “dusty”)

III. Chronic hepatitis C

V. Stab wounds of torso (from prior random assault)

VI Arteriolar Nephrosclerosis, slight

(Point IV is not included in report. Possible typo?)

Are all these listed to note his medical history or are they all considered attributable factors to his death?

There is also no direct explanation as to opiates/narcotics being found in his residence, how often he was reported to be abusing in present history or past) or how the amount found in his toxicology would lead to his death. I spoke with him three hours prior to his passing and he was completely lucid sounding. In fact, that entire week he sounded well, despite a medical history of hearing voices. He said the trial drugs were helping with that and it had been many months/year since hearing them. The last conversation I had with him was as that of a person who had clear thoughts and was very much aware of what was going on in reality. So the classification on his death certificate is very surprising given the lack of evidence and no signs of ongoing substance abuse, possession, and frequent monitoring by case workers and management.

So questions:
Is the amount reflected (opiates 0.5 mg/L and free morphine 0.2 mg/L) enough for an overdose in an otherwise healthy person? 
Sick person? 
What is “free morphine”?
What would be classified as opiates? 
Are 0.2mg of free morphine part of the 0.5 opiates or is it a separate substance?
And, perhaps not as likely, are toxicology samples ever mixed or switched erroneously?

Thank you for your help. 
