Fatigue, headaches, & GI issues for over a year. No answers, unsure of what to do.  27, female/afab, 5’3, 125-130lbs

Currently taking imitrex as needed for migraines (prescribed in June or July 2023, well after symptoms started). No other medications or supplements. 

Fatigue, daily headaches, GI issues (bloating, pain during/after eating) starting in late 2022. First seen by general/family medicine doctor in March of 2023.

I’ve since had an extensive list of bloodwork done, and most recent results are all normal/negative. Iron stores were low to start with, remained low even when supplementing, and have increased slightly on their own without supplementation over the last 6 months. Normal now. Vitamin D was severely low in January (first time it had been checked), results drastically improved with supplementation, high end of normal now. 

Trialed GasX and Prilosec for GI issues. No improvement. Endoscopy revealed past irritation of the stomach lining, but otherwise normal. Celiac negative. Prescribed Pepcid to trial. No changes. Nothing else recommended by GI, no further testing offered. 

For fatigue, I’ve been to a hematologist. Both the doctor and PA insisted my symptoms were unrelated to my bloodwork. All normal/negative. I was referred to sleep medicine. I had an in-clinic sleep study done, and there were no issues found. 

I’ve been seen by neurology for daily headaches and migraines I’ve had since early childhood. Preventative medication didn’t prevent the daily headaches or reduce migraine events. Emergency/rescue meds for migraines are effective in treating migraines. Headaches still occur daily. 

New symptom as of January 2024. Sudden shooting pain throughout my body. Starting in just my right toes, but now any and everywhere. 

Additional bloodwork was checked, again all normal/negative. 

No further referrals offered. No other testing recommended. Only offered to try Cymbalta, which I’m not comfortable taking given the risks with stopping abruptly and my difficulty being consistent with medications. 

I don’t believe the Cymbalta is an appropriate treatment for my symptoms either, and I plan to message the doctor back explaining that. Is there anything else I can ask for? Anyone I should request to see, additional testing? I’m at such a loss. 
