Family member has esophageal cancer newly diagnosed. What are the most important questions to ask in our first consultations with GI/oncology/surgery? This is a family member, so my information is incomplete

Age 72

Sex M

Height ~5'7"

Weight ~300 lb

Race White

Duration of complaint ~3 months

Location USA

Current medications Pantoprazole, insulin, otherwise unknown

History DM2 (well controlled), obesity, HTN, HLD, poor mobility.

Has POA and AD, wants to take all available measures at this point. 

Began having progressive dysphagia ~3 months ago, went to ED after being unable to take anything PO for >1 week, weight loss of ~40 lbs, dehydration. Had EGD with dilation x2 (7/6 & 8/1), PEG tube placed. Abdominal US, neuro tests (not sure what) clean. Now home, able to take full liquid diet, PO meds, still using PEG. Put on home pantoprazole. 

Biopsy results negative from first EGD, biopsy results (8/5) from second EGD showed cancer (as I understand it secondhand). 

F/u with PCP 8/7, CT ordered, consults with oncology, surgeon to follow, another GI appt & scope next week. 

CT w/contrast canceled today due to kidney function. Creat was fine in hospital, not sure how it looks now. Ordered and canceled by PCP. 

My mom is POA and involved. She's very capable. I have been helping, but I'm long distance. I can travel to be there on some occasions. Are these initial visits worth me going? 

My main concern is that we don't overlook important considerations at the beginning of this. What should we be asking now? 

What are the decisions we should anticipate making in the near term? 

Our goal is to treat aggressively. What are the options to pursue? 

What clinical trials may be open? How could we potentially enroll? 

Patient lives in rural area and helps care for nonagenerian father. Should we anticipate finding an alternative living situation for the father? Dad does all his own ADLs, but very poor vision and can't drive, neighbors but no nearby family. 

What am I overlooking? 

Thanks for your help. This is a difficult time.